README.md, before:

# News App

A modern, feature-rich news application built with Flutter that delivers the latest news articles with a clean and intuitive user interface.

## Features

- **Real-time News Updates**: Access the latest news articles from various sources
- **Categorized News**: Browse news by different categories (trending, business, sports, etc.)
- **Search Functionality**: Search for specific news articles
- **Offline Support**: Basic functionality works without an internet connection
- **Article Details**: View full article details with images
- **Share Articles**: Easily share interesting news with friends


## Tech Stack

- **Flutter**: UI framework for cross-platform development
- **Provider**: State management solution
- **HTTP**: API integration for fetching news data
- **URL Launcher**: Opening external links
- **Permission Handler**: Managing app permissions


## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Flutter SDK (3.8.0 or later)
- Dart SDK (compatible with your Flutter version)
- Android Studio / VS Code with Flutter extensions
- An Android or iOS device/emulator

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/codemhax/news_app.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd news_app
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```
   flutter pub get
   ```

4. Run the app:
   ```
   flutter run
   ```

## App Architecture

The app follows a clean architecture with:

- **Models**: Data models for news articles
- **Providers**: State management using the Provider package
- **Screens**: UI components and screens
- **Frec**: API and other service integrations

## UI Features

- Modern material design with customized themes
- Tab navigation for different news categories
- Search bar for finding specific articles
- Pull-to-refresh for content updates
- Share functionality for articles
- External link handling


## Future Enhancements

- User authentication and personalized news feed
- Bookmarking favorite articles
- Push notifications for breaking news
- Advanced filtering options
- Read-later functionality

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.


## Acknowledgments

- News data provided by [News API](https://github.com/CodemHax/InShort-News-Api)
- Icons made by [Freepik](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)

---

Made with ❤️ using Flutter

Commit message:

Add text-to-speech (TTS) support to news app
Integrated the flutter_tts package for text-to-speech functionality. Updated the detail news screen to allow users to listen to article content.

README.md, after:

# News App

A modern, feature-rich news application built with Flutter that delivers the latest news articles with a clean and intuitive user interface.

## Features

- **Real-time News Updates**: Access the latest news articles from various sources
- **Categorized News**: Browse news by different categories (trending, business, sports, etc.)
- **Search Functionality**: Search for specific news articles
- **Offline Support**: Basic functionality works without an internet connection
- **Article Details**: View full article details with images
- **Share Articles**: Easily share interesting news with friends
- **Text-to-Speech (TTS)**: Listen to article content using built-in TTS


## Tech Stack

- **Flutter**: UI framework for cross-platform development
- **Provider**: State management solution
- **HTTP**: API integration for fetching news data
- **URL Launcher**: Opening external links
- **Permission Handler**: Managing app permissions
- **Share Plus**: Sharing articles
- **Flutter TTS**: Text-to-speech for reading articles aloud


## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Flutter SDK (3.8.0 or later)
- Dart SDK (compatible with your Flutter version)
- Android Studio / VS Code with Flutter extensions
- An Android or iOS device/emulator

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/codemhax/news_app.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd news_app
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```
   flutter pub get
   ```

4. Run the app:
   ```
   flutter run
   ```

## App Architecture

The app follows a clean architecture with:

- **Models**: Data models for news articles
- **Providers**: State management using the Provider package
- **Screens**: UI components and screens
- **Frec**: API and other service integrations

## UI Features

- Modern material design with customized themes
- Tab navigation for different news categories
- Search bar for finding specific articles
- Pull-to-refresh for content updates
- Share functionality for articles
- External link handling


## Future Enhancements

- User authentication and personalized news feed
- Bookmarking favorite articles
- Push notifications for breaking news
- Advanced filtering options
- Read-later functionality

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.


## Acknowledgments

- News data provided by [News API](https://github.com/CodemHax/InShort-News-Api)
- Icons made by [Freepik](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)

---

Made with ❤️ using Flutter
